okay what's up guys it is bougie and
welcome back to the let's build world
now I'd probably come on the better note
for the tennis court but first off you
to Lee polls over here remember the
utility pole number two how the bill
well I did some tweaking over here and
he looks different now I always progress
here on the tennis court I did notice
there was tough one missing block i did
make some malfunctions also i had some
lights in here you know just to make
some more specs to it so yes this works
let's build server yeah and we're going
to build right about here now guys let
me say this when i first got the server
of fixed stuff we had another griefer
and this griefer this was the last
recorded evidence of griefing before i
decided to go back to go in the public
and this was before all this well this
was actually the first record there was
another exile trying to say LOL but he
did not change the l on the up the 2nd l
trying to say LOL and there was lava
this tree will stay here as the first or
the evidence on this new server and the
only one and i still work in the pillows
yeah okay oh yeah i'm also giving use
this new you are AI well not you it's
the UI for um oh yeah i'm not own i was
seven because my ipod touch 4th
generation is not supported so i'm gonna
be still on 64 1.3 but if i get a new
device in the future and stuff like a
5th gen ipod touch i will be on iOS 7
and i probably won't be uploading but
whenever they get the compatibility and
so here's how you build a heart I guess
this is going to be
you're gonna have to make this
symmetrical so you place one and you can
also do this on the floor too you can do
this on on the surface down here we're
going to get to that in just a minute
but yeah it's gonna go pretty nice I
mean you can do this in the air or you
can do on the surface the surface will
make it you've seen it on the low my
let's play world yeah now for these
little corner things here you're going
to take those up it's going to be three
of them there's gonna be three like that
see oh yeah I'm gonna do the same belt
here um now for this part you're gonna
go 3 up to see you go 3 up right there
so oh yeah yeah that's a washing machine
in the background I apologize I
apologize you configure the beeping on
the washing machine my parents washing
machine okay now then after you do that
you're gonna go to like that you see
delete that it's going to be to you do
the same here and look now you're just
gonna do something like like this and
you get to remain overall shape of the
body now what you're gonna do is you're
gonna fill this in up with with red rule
so we're going to leave one there
because that's where the white walls
going to go and after I do this we're
going to I'm gonna do it on the floor so
that you can get an idea of how much
it's going to like transform like if you
do it for your own spawn you can do it
on the floor I mean I'm gonna have a big
project soon up building the BBT logo on
my let's play world because there's
gonna be some temporary public stages on
the server and yeah because I'm fully
equipped with diamond stuff and if they
disobey they're gonna kick it killed
okay so there is your heart right there
that is going to be on the surface like
that now let's show you how how it will
look like only brown you can plan it out
here to like you could break all these
out
showing where the where the main parts
are gonna go you can do some like that
of course yeah something else I forgot
to cover in the zero point seven point
four update was the new ayotte was new
UI because now because now when you
break blocks like that it kind of is
something like PC like when you break
blocks it's kind of making the griefing
a little bit more intense i guess
because because of how they changed the
block Breaking and creative so yeah um
yeah so as you can see you can plan it
out here on the floor and it could help
out a lot so this help you plan it out
when you build it up like how I did that
one over there there is also to get some
meal to this video too I know ever not I
have not and also I am going to put my
intro in here i know i have not been
putting my intro in my videos light
leads it's because of how much I've been
busy and stuff but whenever i can i'm
going to try to put my intro in cuz I I
deserved that intro and um I don't want
to make super morrow got to upset
because um she had made hard work on
that intro using cute cut pro or cute
cut depending on which first I think
it's cute cut pro she said whoops so
here is what it looks like on the ground
now now here it is right there there
were this up in the air like that and
here it is on the ground as you can see
that is how pretty much looks all so
let's show a little server progress yeah
the tennis court is whoa holy crap this
is what the tennis court looks like is
humongous that's a humongous tennis
courts I am going to get to that soon
where's the blacksmith's shop I i I'd
built one of those it's gonna get pretty
laggy um right here um this me my friend
hugs he built this mother nights
breakfast in bed
agree and for the bakery part I put a
cake up here i will do a tutorial later
on how to build a cake like that yeah go
and then look at he'll look at this
huggsy if you're actually watching this
yeah this is what I've done I did some
major work since I figured out how to
build pixel art stuff you know this I
mean these right here had fake wood
slabs so I replace them with the real
ones um chest that you will be finished
soon I know you're all probably be
bragging on me to finish up the chest
statue I'm gonna fix that soon yeah and
also the utility poles have been you
know since I've since I've recently
looked at them again they've been
changed a little bit so basically they
don't look so much like that now i'm
going to give i'm gonna hide my GOI yeah
i'm gonna hide it I think that's
something I really like that was added
in the zero point seven point Oh update
where they had the new menus was um that
new option to wear well not only the
smooth lighting I like there's the Sun I
didn't I not only like that but also I
liked how they edit a high do I option
in there yeah guys please comment like
subscribe and these are your two ideas
you hire do it here on the ground or you
can do it up like this so i will see you
guys leichter